these are the things I wish someone had
told me before I started college hey I'm
happy feeling a little nostalgic today
go and if you're new here I'm a senior
who study marketing at UBC solder and
today I was looking back on my pictures
all right this is me my first day at my
dorm I kind of don't want to show you
but I want to show you my progression
through college so this is first day
halfway through first year second year
third year fourth year and this just
happens to be my student card photo that
I can't get rid of
as you can see Allah has changed man he
was not ready for what he was about to
get himself into and today I just wanted
to share with you my regrets my mistakes
the lessons I've learned what I wish
someone had told me before I went into
college because I never had that someone
but now I've gone through it I want to
share that experience with you because
this channel is all about sharing
parents of success for students and
working towards our dreams together
hopefully you can take something away
from this and if you make it to the end
of this video I'm going to show you a
picture of me and my first ever college
party get ready for that all right let's
jump into it all right this is Jensen
and he's probably the only friend from
high school I still taught you on a
regular basis first off you're probably
not gonna talk to you like 90% of your
high school friends once you get into
college maybe for the first week when
you're scared to make friends but after
them now you'll make a lot of new
friends and you're gonna connect with
them a lot more than your old high
school friends and I'm saying that
because if you don't have friends that
you like right now it's okay you'll find
new ones
this was my dorm room and the second
thing is he's gotta live on campus your
first year at least at least your first
year because the fun of college starts
after 9:00 p.m. and if you're commuting
every day you're not gonna stay on
campus after class you're just gonna go
home and you're gonna miss out on the
bulk of the college experience so even
if you have to pay a little bit extra if
you can afford it
it's definitely definitely worth it by
the way how cool is this shirt I've been
reading a lot of books recently and I
got my artist friend to hand draw this
for me I just want to tell people my
Wiccans are all booked no time for you
this is me when I first entered UBC
solder and this is me after my first
ever presentation number three you are
gonna feel lost both mentally
spiritually physically because my first
day of college my camp was so big I was
late for class because I couldn't figure
out what my classroom is but more
importantly in here and in here you're
gonna be like Who am I as a person what
do I want out of life why am I even here
what is my purpose you're gonna feel all
that it's like a burning sensation in
your heart they're gonna feel all day
long and unanswered angst is gonna be in
here and that's okay because college is
a place for you to explore and find more
of yourself and what you really want to
do in life what you will talk about how
later
but just remember this feeling is normal
and you're not the only one who has it
this is me interviewing Ingrid a math
major from MIT and then she introduced
me to her friend at Columbia University
named haein and she showed me around her
lab number for nerdy is a new koi in
college and you got a hand with the kids
are a little bit too smart and a little
bit crazy not too crazy just a little
bit crazy in high school these people
are looked down upon but in college
these people are the most likely to do
extraordinary things in life
Bill Gates Mark Zuckerberg yellow musk
Steve Jobs which one of them wasn't a
little bit crazy in college you tell me
I mean Steve Jobs walked around his
campus barefoot and Neila Musk
well his go-to pickup line in college
was
do you ever think about electric cars I
mean just by the sounds of it they're
crazy but it's like an acceptable amount
of crazy and look at them now so make
friends with the crazy ones the ones who
dare to dream this next one is a little
bit deep and might hit a little too
close to home I'm sorry but you need to
know the truth just by the mere fact of
you going to college your life is not
gonna instantly get better it's not I'm
sorry you might expect it to but you are
still the same person I mean just think
about this when you go to the library
there's so much knowledge around you so
many books to instantly transform into
Albert Einstein look at that nah nah man
you gotta read the books you got to work
at it you got to consume that knowledge
interpret it right down formulas and do
math and stuff right you're gonna work
to become better and the college
experience is the same you got to make
your life better mmm it's not gonna
happen for you and I've realized this
fact in my freshman year because after
first year of college I was like I still
feel lost I still feel the same what did
I do wrong
and I started reading books because
before then I only read like one book To
Kill a Mockingbird in English class and
I started reading a lot of books and
they opened me up and they gave me a new
perspective on life but I had to work at
it
reading books was hard man implementing
what I read was even harder but it was
worth it by the way smack that like
button and smack the subscribe button
for me if you are a dreamer and don't
hit it
don't hit it if you are in doubt or a
hater you can just quietly need MIT
Harvard
Stanford UCLA I've always wanted to
visit Harvard University but I never had
the chance and one spring break my
friend Alex he asked me do you want to
go to Boston with me and it was just
like a week before he was about to leave
spur-of-the-moment decision but I was
the best decision of my life
because now look at my youtube channel
it's grown from campus crawl I think
what I've learned is to use fear as a
GPS as Google Maps towards personal
growth because the things that scare you
the most are probably the things that
are gonna grow you the most and they're
probably what should be doing starting a
YouTube channel for the first time that
was scary
going to China on an exchange by myself
that was scary
starting my first business wow that was
like off the charts
this is me doing dorm life cleaning my
first ever company and I started it with
my friend and we just cleaned dorms all
day I printed out like 200 posters slid
them under every single dorm room and
this was a poster that started it all
dorm like cleaning when I was doing that
my heart was pounding but it was
exhilarating I still remember that man
that was fun
this is me at my university I still miss
it and on that note do not go to summer
school and waste your summers unless you
failed a course and gotta catch up but
other than that don't go to summer
school it's a waste of opportunity
summers are four months in college and
you can get so much done just because
you don't know what to do doesn't mean
should fill it up with more classes that
are just like repeating the same routine
every single day it's not gonna make you
grow as a person the summers are the
times for exploring internships
traveling personal projects that's what
you should be doing instead of going to
class every single day
like you probably go to enough classes
it's fine it's fine you don't need to go
to school during the summers first year
somewhere I started reading books change
my life second year summer I actually
don't remember what I did but I'm pretty
sure I did something cool third years
summer after I went to chi-wai
university for exchange I decided to
stay for the summer and I hoped host
event called experience China
where's 300 students from all across the
world from like Oxford and South came to
Chiba University and stayed for about a
month and we were just traveling around
Beijing showing them Chinese culture and
they learned about our certain topic I
was the leader of entrepreneurship so I
showed them the startup scene in all
Beijing it was cool man we went to a
startup incubator we did a lot of fun
things are you gonna have that much fun
while you're in class nah man you look
so yeah definitely don't waste your
summers this is me I'm a TEDx people
here's the last one and after this I'll
show you the picture of me and my
first-ever college party previously I
told you college you're gonna feel lost
and that's okay but college is also the
time where you need to figure out what
you really want in life there is no
better time than now because right now
you don't have any real responsibilities
later you can actually feed your family
pay rent pay mortgage do you really have
time to experiment and try new things no
time is now so college is the best time
to do it but how and I talked about this
in my TEDx talk called how to find your
life purpose the basic concept is you
just got to pursue what interests you
that core feeling of purposefulness not
feeling of passion it all starts with
interest it's like in layers see it's
like an onion you kind of peel away at
it I'll just talk about me for example
for me making videos wasn't always my
passion at first I was interested
in exploring kind of like the social
media in terms of marketing right I
wanted to apply what I was learning a
marketing class on social media so that
was kind of like interesting and that
made my first video I was like wow I
really liked the process of coming up
with an idea and then filming it editing
it and putting out a finished product
which is a video that was really
exciting to me because it was like my
mind created something tangible within
like a couple of days my imagination
came to life that was exhilarating for
me and I kept continuing with it and
after a little bit I started getting
positive comments of people saying like
oh wow
this video I really liked your Dane in
the life video and really helped shape
my perspective of what I was gonna get
into and I was like wow now I can do
more now it's not just about me it's
about impacting other people with my
videos and after that there's like the
business part of it which I love and
then there's the parts where I can
connect with other people learn about
their patterns of success and share that
with you so all this combined I didn't
have at the very beginning others very
beginning I was just curious it's like
that's kind of interesting
I must see what it's like so you kind of
work in layers and you eventually you
find something that you're passionate
about but as you're going through that
process you might say it's not my thing
man and that's when you taste other food
at the buffet you try different things
maybe sports is your thing maybe
research is your thing entering college
is entering and all-you-can-eat buffet
there's so much for you to explore so
much for you to try but once you taste
at different things you'll find
something that you really really like
and you eat more of it you eat more of
it you continue eating until that
becomes your food of choice and that
becomes your passion this
is a photo I took in that first ever
college party look at this this guy was
my orientation group leader and he tried
to ride on him but that he was a little
bit too heavy things that is how you'll
feel when you enter college what is
happening moon College in my opinion
it's like a safety net right when you
fail at something now you're pursuing
it's okay just focus your attention back
to school and then when you're ready go
veer off on your own adventure again and
come back if you need to right but
college it's like a safe place for you
to explore and find out what you really
want to do any life I wish someone had
told me that because college is only
what you make of it don't expect College
to magically give you the life you want
instead ecology is a place for you to
create the life you want you got a dare
to make your dreams come true and if you
are still a little bit uncertain and
want to see what the first week of
college is like click right here to
watch that video click right here and
always remember big things coming